expand your creativity with the
powershot a590 is an eight megapixel
sensor records images in full vivid
detail so you're free to crop enlarge
and resize a bright full times optical
zoom lens captures the images at
distance without compromising quality
the optical image stabilizer counters
the effects of camera shake for blur
free images in all situations
new motion detection technology as part
of high ISO auto motion detection
technology uses face detection
technology the optical image stabilizer
and information about scene brightness
to identify subject motion and camera
shake cannon zone system optimizes iso
for blur reduction whilst maximizing
image quality face detection technology
determines the optimum focus exposure
flash and white balance settings for the
faces in your shot while face select and
track lets you choose your primary
subject from a crowd a bright two and a
half inch LCD screen features night
display mode for added visibility and
low-light the optical viewfinder lets
you switch off the screen to preserve
battery life
19 different shooting modes range from
full manual to ultra simple easy mode
with additional special scene modes like
sunset my colors special photo effects
like black and white or sepia can be
applied during shooting